# Assignment 2: Control
## Author: Madison Vogt

Julia is required to run this solution file, the minimum package requirements include RigidBodyDynamics, LinearAlgebra, StaticArrays, RigidBodySim, MeshCat, MeshCatMechanisms, Gadfly, Cairo, and Fontconfig. The assignment2.jl file in this folder requires environments contained in the ode folder to run correctly, run this solution file while in the odes folder inside Julia REPL.

The robot animated within this file is located is described by the urdf file, "panda.urdf". After downloading the solution file, it can be run by typing include("assignment2.jl"). The solution file contains 3 parts, each creating a new function. The first part creates the function "traj", where the desired joint angle and its first two time derivates are described as functions of time, t. At time = 10 seconds, the joint angles reach the desired configuration and the corresponding values of qt, vt, and at are given as printouts in the terminal. The second part creates a function "control_PD!", where a trajectory-tracking PD controller is implemented with a proportional gain of 500 and a derivative gain of 50 to determine the required torque. The "ODEProblem" and "Dynamics" commands are used to solve for the final joint angles. The PD final configuration error norm is 0.00809 < 0.01, meeting the requirements necessary for this PD controller. The PD controller final joint angle configuration and final configuration error norm is shown as a printout in the terminal. The third part creates a function "control_CTC!", where a PD and feedforward controller are impleneted using the "inverse_dynamics" function. The CTC final configuration error norm is 0.00833 < 0.01, meeting the requirements for the CTC controller. The CTC controller final joint angle configuration and final configuration error norm is shown as a printout in the terminal.

Using the same derivative gain value of 50 for both controllers, the CTC proportional gain can be as low as 5, which is 100 times smaller than the proportional gain needed for just the PD controller. 
